* Thinkin' I was born
in the wrong time *
* One of a kind
* Livin' in a world
gone plastic *
* Baby you're so classic
- [clicks off music]
Baby, you're so loud.
- Sorry, just
feeding breakfast
to Malcolm and Tony
from MKTO.
- Phoebe, you've lost
your mind.
- No, the MKTO concert
is completely sold out,
but I can still
get two tickets
if I win "The Most
Outrageous Fan" contest.
I call this "Waking up
with MKTO."
- I call it waking up people
who don't want to be awake.
- Hey, hey, hey.
It's never too early for bacon.
Thank you.
- PHOEBE: [powers zap]
That's for Tony.
He loves apple-smoked bacon.
But he hates pineapple.
He's deathly
allergic to it.
- Well, you'd better hope
he's not allergic to crazy.
- Achoo!
Oh, no, I'm allergic
to crazy.
Phoebe, you have
to move out.
- I am not crazy, okay?
This contest is huge.
People are sending poems,
weaving quilts.
One gutsy girl even tried
to make a butter sculpture.
I ran out of butter, okay?
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I have a contest to win.
Boys, who wants pancakes?
[clicks on music]
* You're over my head
* I'm out of my mind
* Thinkin' I was born...
- Shouldn't we be
worried about that?
- What? It's teenage girl
going gaga over a band.
Totally normal.
- Not her, him.
- So, where you come from is
everyone made out of cardboard?
- *
* What you see
* Is not what you get
* Livin' our lives
with a secret *
* We fit right in
* Bet you never guessed
* 'Cause we're
livin' our lives *
* Just like all the rest
* A picture
perfect family *
* Is what we try to be
* Look closer,
you might see *
* The crazy things we do
* This isn't
make believe *
* It's our reality
* Just your average family
* Trying to be normal
and stay out of trouble *
* Livin' a double life
- *
- Oyster, do you
have any idea
how to order fries
on this thing?
- Hey, first time
at Splatburger?
You get Splat hats.
- Uh, oh, dude, no hats.
We're kind of known
for our hair.
- Oh, what's that like?
Anyway, here's the deal--
all the food's pre-cooked,
so you've just gotta
punch your order in like this,
and it shoots out of these
tubes onto your plates.
Splat away!
[laughing]
- Sweet!
- Cool!
- Yeah, food from tubes.
The future's here, boys.
Uh, I'm legally bound
to tell you
there's no way to actually
clean these babies.
[knocks on table]
Good luck.
- [food shoots, thuds]
- Ah, bonus pickle.
- Whoa, check it out.
It's that girl from school
you think likes you.
- Her name's Cassandra
and she does like me, all right?
We play ignore-flirt
all the time.
Oh, she's good.
- I wish I could go out
with you, Craig, but I can't.
I'm going to the MKTO
concert on Friday.
- She shut him down.
But at least
she spoke to him.
- Hey, clam it, Oyster.
I've got an idea.
- Hey, uh, Max, right?
I didn't see you there.
- Yeah, you didn't.
So, I was lookin' at
the Polynesian pot stickers.
I love apple-smoked bacon,
but I can't have pineapple.
See, I'm deathly
allergic to that.
- Oh! That's just
like Tony from...
- CASSANDRA & MAX:
MKTO!
- What, you like them, too?
- I'm literally obsessed.
What's your favorite song?
- Uh...all of them!
- But if you had to pick one,
what would it be?
- [loud thud]
- Ow!
- I can't just pick
one, either.
Are you going to
the concert?
- Yeah, of course,
I'm going.
Maybe we can meet up
and rock out.
- Sounds like a date.
[laughs]
- Epic play, man.
But isn't that concert
sold out?
- Oh, dude, way
ahead of you.
Phoebe's entering this
MKTO contest
and if I help her win, she'll
give me one of her tickets.
- Nice!
We should celebrate
with more fries.
- Yes!
- Yo, tube dudes!
More fries!
- Oyster, that's not
how it works.
Maybe it is.
- Ah, the "Thunder Purge."
My favorite time of the year.
I get to destroy all our old
junk and not get in trouble.
[powers zapping]
- [coughing]
I'm no lung doctor, but I'm
pretty sure this is bad for me.
- Guys, say hello
to our new...
shredder.
- [thuds heavily]
- It's gonna help us
clean this place up.
- Are you sure this
thing can handle
a year's worth
of Thunder trash?
- It can shred anything.
Check it out.
- [shredder whirring]
- [machine shredding]
- Ha! Ha!
- Whoa, it's
a super-shredder.
- Yeah, and without
the ashy aftermath.
- We don't need that thing.
Watch this!
[powers zapping]
- Ow!
There go the instructions.
- Come on, Billy.
Let's play Hide and Seek.
- Um...maybe later.
Welcome to the family.
I'm gonna call you Shreddy.
- [powers zapping]
- Ow.
That's Nora.
I'll tell you about her later.
- Phoebe, are you taking
the cut-outs for a walk?
- That's ridiculous.
Who takes cardboard
cut-outs for a walk?
I'm using them as kites.
- Lame alert!
- It is not lame.
I'm gonna take
a picture of them
up in the air for
the MKTO contest,
and then they'll know my love
for them is sky high.
Get it?
- I get it.
Yeah, it's lame.
- Well, Phoebe,
lucky for you
I've got a winning idea
that'll only cost you
one of your tickets.
- You wanna go to
the MKTO concert?
What's her name?
- It's Cassandra
from school.
She's going.
I told her I'd meet her there.
- Aw, Cassandra's so sweet.
- Yeah.
- Why would I ruin her life
by helping you date her?
- Okay.
- Besides, my cut-out idea's
already gonna win.
Right, guys?
- Hey, look,
a dry-cleaning bill...
- Oh, my.
- ...from three years ago?
- They itemized it.
- Oh.
- All right, fine.
What's your big idea?
Throw me out of a plane?
And I know Malcolm loves
classic cars
and Siberian huskies,
and Tony named his hamster
Princess Leia.
I know everything about
you, MKTO!
But not so much
that it's weird.
I'm your most outrageous fan
and I'm falling for yooooouuuu!
- Cut!
- Okay, now let me down.
- You got it.
- Whoa!
- [heavy thud]
- [laughing]
Now do it again--just higher
and closer to the rocks.
- All we have to do now
is upload the video
to the contest websites.
- Do you think we'll win?
- I know we'll win.
Between your freakish
fan knowledge
and my video skills,
it's a slam-dunk.
- Thank you so much
for everything.
Except for dropping
me on my face.
- True.
- So, you rigging
the contest?
- Do monkeys have
monkey butts?
I'm gonna put a hidden
message in the video
that says "Pick me"
every four seconds.
- Great idea!
But for the record,
it's monkey heinies.
Look it up.
- Guys, why invite me,
if you're gonna stare
at Cassandra
and you're gonna stare
at your phone
to find out if you
won that contest?
- We didn't invite you.
You were already here.
- Oh.
Then carry on.
- MKTO!
Oh, my gosh, we won!
We actually won!
Max, we did it!
- Yes, up top!
- Thank you so much.
I take back everything bad
I've ever said about you.
- Of course, I would
do anything for my sister.
Now get lost.
Cassandra's coming!
Hey, Cassandra.
You getting excited
for our concert date?
- Bad news, Max.
My ticket fell through.
I can't go.
- Well, uh, maybe we can
do something else.
- And have you miss out
on the concert?
You love MKTO.
- I also love waterslides.
Let's find one
and go there.
- I can't do
that to you.
You just...
have to go for
the both of us.
- [Shreddy whirring]
- Oh, ho, ho!
Oh! Ha! Ha!
This thing's unstoppable.
I thought a shredder
would be fun,
but it...it really
completes the family.
- It's purge day, Shreddy,
and you're at the top
of my list.
[powers zapping]
- [Shreddy powers down]
- Oh, no!
What happened?
- Looks like it's got
a faulty wire.
You know who doesn't
need a wire?
- [Shreddy powers up]
- Shreddy, you have
a back-up battery!
- This is shredding
my mind!
- Do you really think
I'm gonna give you
both MKTO tickets?
- Do monkeys have
monkey butts?
- Heinies.
- Whatever they sit on.
The answer is no.
Mom, did the concert
tickets get here?
- Yeah, I left them
with the mail.
- Where's the mail?
- On top of the magazines.
- Where's the magazines?
- In Shreddy's belly.
- You shredded
my tickets?
- I'm not sure.
I shredded the list
of things I shredded.
- Don't worry,
the tickets must be
in one of the 50 trash
bags out back.
- Not so popular now,
are you, Shreddy.
- [Shreddy whirring]
- Ah!
- I need to find
those tickets.
How will Malcom and/or Tony
fall in love with me,
if they never see me?
- You'll find
the tickets, sweetie.
We'll help you.
Come on.
- Hey, the concert tickets.
Uh, Phoebe?
- Hey, what are you doing?
She wouldn't have won,
if it wasn't for you.
You should use
those tickets
to take that Cassandra girl
you think likes you.
- She does like me!
- Max, why'd you call me?
Did you find the tickets?
- No!
I was just practicing
how I'd yell your name,
if I found the tickets--
which I definitely did not.
but somehow I made
these paper mittens.
- Don't worry, sweetie.
We have two more hours
before the concert.
Everybody glue faster.
- We do not know
how this happened.
- Uh-uh.
- Just forget it.
We're never gonna find them.
At least I can still hang out
with my cardboard cuties.
Anyone seen
Malcolm and Tony?
- Well, here's Tony.
You do not want
to see Malcolm.
- That's it, my life
is officially over.
- Aw, honey, I--Oh!
And I'm stuck.
A little help here, Hank?
- I can't. I seem to have
joined the band!
- *
- So, here's your ticket.
- Thanks.
This is so exciting.
Concert selfie!
Now let me get a picture
of my hero.
- BOTH: [laughing]
- [wings flapping]
- [poop splats]
- CROWD: [laughing]
- Please tell me
that it's rain...
with a hint of green.
- Hey, in some cultures,
it's considered
to be good luck.
- Yeah, in all cultures
it's disgusting.
- [laughing]
- Wait, you're not gonna
post that on Chirper, are you?
- Oops, I kinda just did.
- Wha...?
- But you looked so cute.
- You hashtagged me
birdturd?
- It's my first
nickname for you.
It's adorb.
- Why don't you work
on my second nickname
while I go wash
this off.
- Hurry back, BT.
[laughing]
Hey, I just did it.
- Keep workin' on it!
- [sighs]
Stupid shoe.
Can't even make it
three blocks.
I'm so done with this day.
- Welcome to Splatburger.
Forgive me,
I'm a little flustered
from this crazy
dinner rush.
[laughs]
- I'm the only one here.
- Uh, for now.
But when that MKTO
concert lets out,
there's gonna be food
flyin' out of that tube,
and that tube, and, oh...
[laughing]
...that tube.
Splat! Splat! Splat! Splat!
- [sighs]
- Sweet!
This place is empty.
Well, I guess
we don't need these.
- [moustaches ripping]
- Ow!
- Oh!
- It's MKTO!
- Woo, man, good thing
no one's here.
I mean, I love
our fans, but...
we seem to lose
a few every time
they see you chew
your food, you know?
- [laughing]
Okay, mom.
Look, I'm just glad
we're gonna get
a nice, quiet meal before
tonight's concert, you know?
- Right, just a couple of
regular guys,
not MKTO, you know?
- It's MKTO!
I'm so chirping this.
We're gonna be packed
in no time.
- Wait, no.
You'll scare them away.
- [powers gusting]
- [frost crackling]
- Excuse me?
Can we get a table?
- Ra--Ra--
Right away.
[laughing]
- Hey, are you...
Are you okay?
- I'm feeling a little
weak in the knees.
- Are you sure it's not
your busted shoes?
- Come on, Malcolm,
you don't insult
a pretty girl's shoes.
- Right. Right.
- Pretty?
[snorts]
Have a seat.
I'm gonna water
some grab you.
I mean grab you
some water.
- Thank you.
- [excited squealing]
- The Port-a-Potty
has no soap or water.
What are we, animals?
- Max! Hey!
- You went in?
- I had to.
The line started moving.
But then I met
a bunch of peeps
who re-chirped your photo
and now it's all
over the Internet.
How excited are you?
- Uh, zero, not very.
- But you're famous.
Everyone's calling
your birdturd.
- That is the wrong
kind of famous.
- Hurry, I'll see
you inside, turdsie.
Oh, another nickname.
I'm on fire.
[laughs]
- Whoa! Sorry, slick.
No cuttin' on my watch.
Get to the back
of the line.
- I'm not cutting.
I waited in line.
I just stepped out
for a sec.
- Oh, my bad.
Well, in that case,
get to the back of the line!
- Come on, man, my date's
inside waiting for me.
I can see her from here.
- Do you know where
you won't see her from?
- BOTH: The back
of the line.
- First a bird poops
on me, now this.
- Hold up.
Hey, you're birdturd.
You gotta lead
with that, BT.
Just show me your
ticket and you're in.
- Yes, thank you,
Mr. Bouncer.
Oh, no, I lost my ticket.
- Oh, birdturd!
It is not your day.
- Maybe I left it
in the Port-a-Potty.
- [pounding]
- MAX: Whoa!
Oh, definitely
no ticket.
- All right, Shreddy,
time to make school lunches
for the next month.
- [Shreddy whirring]
- Aw, turkey again?
- Billy, what are
you doing?
We were playing
Hide and Seek.
I've been hiding in
Dad's laundry pile for an hour.
- Sounds like someone needs some
fresh-sliced turkey.
- I don't want your
petty poultry.
I can't believe
you blew me off
to hang with
this rust bucket.
- Don't listen
to her, Shreddy.
She's just jealous
of your lifetime warranty
on parts and labor.
- [Shreddy whirring]
- Shreddy, no!
I don't wanna
be lunch meat!
Ah, Nora! Help!
- [powers zapping]
- [Shreddy powers down]
- Oh, Billy,
are you okay?
- Yeah, but I think
I need to go change.
- Your hoodie?
- No, my pants.
Nora, I'm sorry I spent
so much time with Shreddy.
A shredder could never
replace you.
- He's right.
You are the only destructive
force we need in our lives.
- Aw, thanks, guys.
- [powers zapping]
- OTHERS: [yelping]
- Don't ever try
to replace me again.
- [menu beeping]
- Mmm!
- BOTH: Whoa!
- Where did this
just come from?
- I don't know,
but I know where it's going.
- And here is some
wasabi ranch sauce
for your pigs
in a blanket.
- Oh, on point.
That's my favorite.
Wait, how did
you know that?
- 'Cause I know everything
about y--
ummy dipping sauces.
Splat away.
[laughing]
- Ooh, here come
my Polynesian pot stickers.
- Tony can't eat
Polynesian pot stickers.
He's allergic to pineapple.
- Woo!
- Yeah!
- Love it!
- Hey, that shoe just took out
my Polynesian pot sticker.
- I'm sorry, it's just that
you're allergic to pineapple
and I didn't want you
to get sick.
You're MKTO!
- I think the shoe ninja's
a fan, bro.
- Okay, it's true. I...
I'm a super fan,
but I heard you guys say
that you wanted to
have a quiet meal,
and I ruined it
and I'm sorry.
- Sorry for what?
You just saved my life.
Look, how...how
can we repay you?
- Marry me.
Sorry.
[laughing]
That was really weird.
Let's just hang
out forever.
- Hm, I think we have
a better idea.
- Mm-hm.
* We broke down
tryin' to leave town *
* Flyin' on
the road to change *
* We were born to run
* Cali, here we come
* Escape from
nowhere USA *
- * Say goodbye to
white picket fences *
* Say hello
to palm trees and Benzes *
* They said you gotta fall
to have it all *
- * Yeah
- * No we don't want
two kids and a wife *
* I don't want a job
I just want a life *
* Sometimes
the underdogs rise *
* And the mighty fall
- * And the mighty fall
* This ain't the same
summer song *
* That you used to know
* 'Cause Jack left Diane
30 years ago *
* The world is spinning
too fast *
* For you and me
* So tell me
* Whatever happened
to the American Dream *
* Na Na Na Na Na
Na Na Na Na Na *
* Na Na Na Na Na Na
* Na Na Na Na Na
Na Na Na Na Na *
* Na Na Na Na Na Na
- Not again.
You win, birds.
- [birds screeching]
- Uh-oh!
I said you win! You win!
- * This ain't the same
summer song *
* That you used to know
* 'Cause Jack left Diane
30 years ago *
* The world is spinning
too fast *
* For you and me
* So tell me
* Whatever happened
to the American Dream *
- [sighs]
Does this night
ever have to end?
- Yeah, we kinda
have that concert thing.
- [cell phone ringing]
- And apparently there
is some crazy fan
outside the venue
screaming at birds.
- What?
- Some fans just
don't know how to act.
- Yeah. Are you putting
my used napkin in your pocket?
- What? No.
- Shreddy Thunderman, you are
no longer part of this family.
It's time to go.
- Hit it, Nora.
- [powers zapping]
- Okay, come on.
Who wants to watch me
throw this at the moon?
- OTHERS: Yay!
- Yikes, what
happened to you?
- It's a long story.
- I hope it ends with you
taking a long shower.
- There you are.
- Phoebe, let me explain
everything.
- I just had the best
night of my entire life.
MKTO gave me
a private concert.
- You had a what
with who now?
- It was amazing.
Here, let me show you
some of the photos.
Oops, wrong one.
Sorry, birdturd.
[laughing]
- Okay.
- *